I belong at the dew point where pajamas
colonists and a lot of partial inversion
a whooping 42-minute Dominic soprano
nostalgia Carlo Monaco mono kupuna Trump
is awesome abbulu session on criminal
ah no money no nothing
ha ha ha ha Paula who do steal octopus
ah replace how much I'm some edema go go
go go although I really panicked back
nan Flanagan and kudos for on Eddie with
a whole agenda memory wire o robot a
block syllable um
thermotherapy Amitabh Bachchan Jaya Rama
Navami hirahara job I'm gonna get
started on our lip you need a god
masha'Allah Buddha Mohammed Wanya hello
my ass
Rosa - oh ha ha ha ha ha ha guru don't
get access for the jaw-dropping our
garrison Appa yeah oh yeah it's a possum
or Akira Anna oh yeah oh yeah
ha ha ha ok my bed if you want them to
pull up good or finish I will own up you
out of the roof done find out like that
imported in I'm not sure
hahahahaha kalegnon Jovan litter and
guitar needed to apply gel brush I gotta
get your blood on it sometime after your
shower
ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha I'm a bigot I
gotta get a nigga tomorrow night I'm
full name ha ha ha ha ha alright eww I
got started in Iran on oxygen and phone
in your column on ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
ha ha
miss out on - come on kenapa me ha ha ha
ha ha ha ha ha hakudoshi Carmen a Putin
ha ha ha ha whoo ha ha ha ha ha ha
gentlemen on APPA Corolla sudo signal of
an autonomous car number on ya Oh
attorney Jack went over and again I got
on a holiday so gurus and wottingers ah
I'm sober don't do kasama in Jakarta
haha very word bars are diverse over
over over the road
Oh
ah